[Music]
in this episode we will be making the
classic dip hummus we've got a to of
chickpeas which we've drained and rinsed
we've got a tiny bit of garlic the
garlic is totally up to you I'm using a
rack quarter of a clove you don't have
to write garlic's we don't want to we've
got to healing at the Healy's assess me
paste which gives little as its flavor
we've got some olive oil without the
juice of a lemon and we've got some
water
I've also got a few extra spices which
I'll be adding later but then they're
totally optional and I've got my plane
ready to go
those couldn't be any easy do need a
food processor but really couldn't be
any easier so we know tip our chickpeas
into a food processor then we're going
to add about 60 milliliters of our olive
oil there's about 4 tablespoons
[Music]
you see that's lovely and smooth its
retail the spoons tahini so in that goes
the juice of one lemon
[Music]
tiny bit of garlic this is what makes it
really smooth and silky we're going to
pour in about full tablespoons of water
and then we're gonna season it with salt
and pepper now if you wanted to make a
flavored or mostly if you wanted to add
cumin or you want to try red peppers you
want to enter olives to this where you
want to learn a threshold and this is
the point which you do it but we're
going to keep our classic and then we're
going to leave that running for a couple
of minutes until everything's super
smooth
[Music]
let's see that looks beautiful and it's
just like of us that you buy from the
shops I like to scrape down the sides
just to make sure that everything is
mixed in you make a dip in the hummus
which you fill a bit more really good
olive oil and then season it with
whatever you want so I'm going to use
some cumin seeds and a bit of sumac you
could put some fresh herbs or anything
else you want them there so that is how
you make cheaper this shop-bought tends
to the shop lot or to get a better shot
for plumbers our body does rosary this
has been possible basics thank you very
much for watching and don't forget stay
safe get cooking
[Music]
you